{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset2 Symbol;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue255;}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.18362}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\sl240\slmult1\f0\fs22\lang9\par
\par
My 1st choice of Employer and Position\par
\par
\fs40 TaxSlayer\fs22\par
\par
1. Company Research\par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sl240\slmult1 Checked out Company's History and Future using Google. Looked at what the Indeed and Linkedin said about Taxslayer and looked at Taxslayer's website.\par

\pard\sl240\slmult1\par
2. Reasons I want to work at Taxslayer \par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sl240\slmult1 After Mike and John's visit to the Bootcamp I'm convienced that this is an up and growing company, which means there would be opportunities for advancement and learning new technologies.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Media News {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.taxslayer.com/mediaroom/top_forty_company }}{\fldrslt{https://www.taxslayer.com/mediaroom/top_forty_company\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22  wrote an article about Taxslayer and that it was named a Top 40 Innovative Company in Georgia. \par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Taxslayer creates software for filing taxes and will need accounting and state tax laws programs that someone has to write and I may be able to advance to the team that does that since I've held accounting positions in the past and have reviews to prove had good I am with figures and taxes. When the company I was at was audited the auditors were very impressed and couldn't say enough good things about how clean my records were and how easy it was to see a clear trail of everything. They told my boss, who told me later, that of all the companies they audited they have never seen records this perfect. \par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Their Culture, the company is not only customer focused like most companies but they are also employee focused. \par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Mission Statement is "To provide our customers with a remarkable customer experience and provide our fellow employees with a remarkable career experience." . {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.taxslayer.com/taxslayer-history?rdr=/mediaroom/CompanyInfo }}{\fldrslt{https://www.taxslayer.com/taxslayer-history?rdr=/mediaroom/CompanyInfo\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Employee reviews were very positive. The bad reviews were about working long hours, which doesn't bother me.\par

\pard\sl240\slmult1\par
4. How will I find the positions I want to apply for?\par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sl240\slmult1 Check employment sites like Indeed, Glassdoor and others that I have joined.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Contact Kelly Tabor who is Taxslayer's Recruting and Employee Relations Manager who was at the GCC Job Fair. I feel she will be an asset in getting a job there. She will remember me from the Job Fair since she recognized me when I worked at Sears. She was a Recruiter for Sears and used to visit my HR Manager, Arquette Gibson.\par

\pard\sl240\slmult1\par
5. Open Position I want. \par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sl240\slmult1 Help Desk Engineer. \par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Link {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.indeed.com/cmp/Taxslayer/jobs }}{\fldrslt{https://www.indeed.com/cmp/Taxslayer/jobs\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}It was just posted today and is full time.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Responsibilites listed are either the same or very close to what I did at Sears and I really enjoyed that job.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}I have the skill, experience and knowledge that are listed as the necessary requirments.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}The education and experience listed was perferred but not required and althrough I have both, I learned on the job so I don't have the perferred certificates .\par

\pard\sl240\slmult1\par
\par
\par
My 2nd choice of Employer and Position\par
\par
\fs40 Augusta Technical College\fs22\par
\par
1. My Research\par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sl240\slmult1 Checked employee reviews and they were varied between Pros and Cons depending on what area of work they were doing.\par

\pard\sl240\slmult1\par
2. Reasons I like Augusta Technical College and want to work there \par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sl240\slmult1 I have taken a few courses at ATC and I like the campus layout and the enviroment.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}The College is only about 5-7 minutes from my house. Distance to a job is important to me since I would like to go home at lunch to let my chihuahua outside and feed him. I've gone home for lunch since I lived only 3-4 minutes away from my job at Sears and ever since he was a puppy so both of us have been spoiled from me working close to my job. \par

\pard\sl240\slmult1\par
3. How will I find the positions I want to apply for.\par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sl240\slmult1 I am registered with multi Employment Recruiters and I check them regularly for opening. \par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}I setup an alert to notify me whenever an opening comes up in the position areas I requested.\par

\pard\sl240\slmult1\par
4. Open Position I want. \par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sl240\slmult1 PC Support Specialist 1.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Link {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.glassdoor.com/Job/augusta-technical-support-specialist-jobs-SRCH_IL.0,7_IC1155718_KO8,36.htm?fromAge=7&jl=3306592227&ja=106889509&guid=0000016ccd5e0a40be05fb2bb699dc20&pos=102&srs=EMAIL_JOB_ALERT&s=224&ao=4120&utm_source=jobalert&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=jobAlertAlert&utm_content=ja-jobtitle&utm_term= }}{\fldrslt{https://www.glassdoor.com/Job/augusta-technical-support-specialist-jobs-SRCH_IL.0,7_IC1155718_KO8,36.htm?fromAge=7&jl=3306592227&ja=106889509&guid=0000016ccd5e0a40be05fb2bb699dc20&pos=102&srs=EMAIL_JOB_ALERT&s=224&ao=4120&utm_source=jobalert&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=jobAlertAlert&utm_content=ja-jobtitle&utm_term=\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Just like Taxslayer the responsibilites listed are either the same or very close to what I did at Sears and I really enjoyed that job.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}I have the skill, experience and knowledge that are listed as the necessary requirments.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}The education and experience listed was perferred but not required and althrough I have both, I learned on the job so I don't have the perferred certificates .\par

\pard\sl240\slmult1\par
\par
\par
\fs40 Systematech\fs22\par
My 3rd choice of Employer and Position.\par
\par
1. My Research\par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sl240\slmult1 Checked their web site and found out everything I needed to know.\par

\pard\sl240\slmult1\par

\pard\sl240\slmult1  2. Reasons I wanted to work at Systematech.\par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sl240\slmult1 I met Ashley Felton at the GCC Job fair on July 31st and really liked her.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Systematech is an IT services company, offering training, consulting and project services and IT is  the type of work I love doing and would be thrilled to work for a company where IT is what they're all about.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Ashley read my resume and then she asked me about my training. I informed her that I didn't have any certifications for my skills because all of my technical expertist was learned on the job. \par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sl240\slmult1 One of the services they offer is IT Bootcamp training so people can learn skills that would help them pass the CompTIA exams and get certified. She also told me that she'd make sure that I  in the CompTIA Bootcamp and asked her how much it costs. She told me it was more that $2000.00 and I said I couldn't afford anything close to that amount right now. We kept talking and I felt like she was offering me the position right then. She even told me that if I accepted it she would make sure that I would get my CompTIA + certificate if I accepted a position that they have open now. Told her I was very interested but still had a month to go before completing the Web Development Bootcamp I taking now.\par

\pard\sl240\slmult1\par
3. Decided not to pursue a job at Systematech after researching for the following reasons. {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK http://www.buzzfile.com/business/Systematech-803-270-9750 }}{\fldrslt{http://www.buzzfile.com/business/Systematech-803-270-9750\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sl240\slmult1 Found out they are located in Granitville, SC and I don't want to work in one state and live in another plus the distance is futher than I want to drive for a job.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}I wasn't expecting to find that Ashley was the owner and CEO of the company. I wouldn't have thought a CEO would be actively recruiting for their company.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}It's a very small company with only 3 employees.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Only been in business 2 years.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Their annua revenue is $73,400.00\par

\pard\sl240\slmult1\par
\par
      \par

\pard\sl240\slmult1\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
}
 